Updated with info from Vinay. (#179)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/cloudhub-faq.adoc

image:logo-server-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition"]
image:logo-pcf-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Pivotal Cloud Foundry"]

== What is CloudHub?

> CloudHub a cloud-based integration platform as a service (iPaaS) that enables developers to integrate and orchestrate applications and services while giving operations the control and visibility they require for mission-critical demands, all without the need to install or manage middleware or hardware infrastructure. You can deploy applications to CloudHub through the Runtime Manager, found on the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com[Anypoint Platform]. Read more about the CloudHub xref:cloudhub-architecture.adoc[architecture].

Reviewer: through the Runtime Manager > through Anypoint Runtime Manager

> == What is an iPaaS?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== What is iPaaS?
```

> As the name suggests, iPaaS is a development platform for building integration applications. It provides a set of services and capabilities for integrating applications in the cloud and within the enterprise. The core tenets of iPaaS are the same as PaaS, except the services on the platform are geared towards integration. In addition to some base expectations such as multi-tenancy, elasticity and reliability, iPaaS also provides intermediation of data and events, orchestration, a service container for publishing REST and SOAP services, strong security capabilities, and monitoring and developer tooling.

Reviewer: As the name suggests, iPaaS (integration platform as a service) is a....

Reviewer: ...such as multitenancy, elasticity, and reliability....

For more information, see https://blogs.mulesoft.com/dev/mule-dev/introducing-integration-paas-ipaas/[here].

== How can I create a CloudHub account?

> As of November 2014, accounts in both the Anypoint Platform for APIs and CloudHub have been merged into a single platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of November 2014, accounts in both Anypoint Platform for APIs and CloudHub have been merged into a single platform.
```

Reviewer: Does "both" refer to AP for APIs and AP for CloudHub, or to AP for APIs and CloudHub?

* xref:access-management::managing-your-account.adoc[Creating an Account]
* xref:access-management::managing-permissions.adoc[Managing Accounts Roles and Permissions]

== Where can I get Anypoint Studio?

> Anypoint Studio can be https://www.mulesoft.com/lp/dl/studio[downloaded here]. From Studio, you have ability to deploy directly to CloudHub or run your applications locally on an embedded Mule runtime engine (Mule).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Studio can be https://www.mulesoft.com/lp/dl/studio[downloaded here]. From Studio, you can deploy directly to CloudHub or run your applications locally on an embedded Mule runtime engine (Mule).
```

== How much does CloudHub cost?

> For specific pricing, please reach out to your account executive, your account development representative or contact us in the https://support.mulesoft.com[Support Portal].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For specific pricing, please reach out to either your account executive or your account development representative, or contact us in the https://support.mulesoft.com[Support Portal].
```

> == What is a Worker?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== What is a worker?
```

> Applications that expose real time services or APIs run on one or more "workers". Each worker is an instance of Mule that runs your integration applications. See xref:cloudhub-fabric.adoc[CloudHub Fabric] for details of how workers can be shared or doubled to scale your application and provide high availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications that expose real-time services or APIs run on one or more "workers." Each worker is an instance of Mule that runs your integration applications. See xref:cloudhub-fabric.adoc[CloudHub Fabric] for details of how workers can be shared or doubled to scale your application and provide high availability.
```

> == What is an Integration Application?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== What is an integration application?
```

> An integration application is one that integrates two or more applications or services. This may be as simple as synchronizing Salesforce data to a local database to creating a mashup using Google Apps, Facebook, and Salesforce. These applications perform functions by grabbing data from different sources and publishing it to a new location or as a REST or Web service. In the traditional 3 tier application model an integration app represents the data tier through connectivity to application data and the service tier through logic used to combine, transform and route this data to consumers.

Reviewer: This might be as simple as ...database, or as complicated as creating a mashup....

Reviewer: Web service > web service

Reviewer: In the traditional three-tier application model, an integration....

Reviewer: ...to combine, transform, and route....

> == What is an Anypoint Connector?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== What are Anypoint Connectors?
```

> Anypoint Connectors provide a simple and easy way to integrate with SaaS and Cloud APIs such as Salesforce, Facebook, AWS, PayPal, and then to use them as services within Mule. With these connectors you are then able to create orchestration that spans both SaaS and on-premises applications, using Mule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Connectors provide an easy way to integrate with SaaS and Cloud APIs such as Salesforce, Facebook, AWS, and PayPal, and then to use them as services within Mule. With these connectors you are then able to create orchestration that spans both SaaS and on-premises applications, using Mule.
```

> == What is a Mule Flow?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== What is a Mule flow?
```

> A Mule flow defines how Mule  processes messages between different applications. A flow defines a series of processors that  act on a message triggered by an event in an application, a request to a Web or REST service or a scheduled trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Mule flow defines how Mule processes messages between different applications. A flow defines a series of processors that act on a message triggered by an event in an application, a request to a web or REST service, or a scheduled trigger.
```

Reviewer: Please triple-check the wording of that final list, to be sure that my edits have not changed the groupings.

== What Java version are you using?

> * Workers that use Mule 4.0.0 and newer run on JDK 8.

Reviewer 2: Per MuleSoft Style Guide, versions need to be "earlier" and "later" (not newer and older).

Reviewer: ditto! Fix in all the following statements as well.

Author: Thanks. I did not edit anything else in this topic - just added the new one (and demoted all the headings so they show up in the right nav bar). Sigh. I guess I can fix that :)

* Workers that use Mule 3.8.0 and newer run on JDK 8.
* Workers that use Mule 3.7.0 and newer run on JDK 8.
* Workers that use Mule 3.5.1 and newer run on JDK 7.
* Workers that use Mule 3.5.0 and older run on JDK 6.

== How much storage does each worker have?

Each worker has 2 GB of storage for applications to use.

== What are environment variables?

> Environment variables are properties you can set to pass in configuration to your Mule application. For example, you could create a JDBC connector where the username is set to `${db.username}`. In the environment variables you could then set the name to `db.username` and the value to the actual username when you add or update your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables are properties you can set to pass in configuration to your Mule application. For example, you can create a JDBC connector with a username of `${db.username}`. In the environment variables you could then set the name to `db.username` and the value to the actual username when you add or update your application.
```

== Can I deploy my application to a different region?

Yes!  https://support.mulesoft.com[File a support case] to enable global deployments for your account. Applications can be deployed to: US East (N. Virginia, Ohio), US West (N. California, Oregon), Canada, South America (Brazil - Sao Paulo), Europe (Ireland, Frankfurt), UK (London), and Asia-Pacific (Sydney, Tokyo, Singapore). Administrators can  xref:managing-cloudhub-specific-settings.adoc[set the default region] on the Organization tab in Account Settings, but that region can be adjusted when the application is deployed, if necessary.

> Note that applications deployed to different regions will automatically have their domain updated to reflect the region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the domains of applications deployed to different regions are automatically updated to reflect the region.
```

> == I get "Failed to bind to uri" when my application starts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Why do I get the message "Failed to bind to uri" when my application starts?
```

> If you're seeing messages like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're seeing messages like this, it's because you're trying to bind to a specific host instead of 0.0.0.0:
```

> It's because you're trying to bind to a specific host instead of 0.0.0.0. Change your HTTP Connector to use 0.0.0.0 instead of your CloudHub domain name and redeploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change your HTTP Connector to use 0.0.0.0 instead of your CloudHub domain name, and redeploy.
```

== How do I stop my application?

> In the Runtime Manager Console, select your application, and click *Deployment* in the left navigation bar. Click *Stop application*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Runtime Manager console, select your application and click *Deployment* in the left navigation bar. Then click *Stop application*.
```

== Can the platform restart my Mule app running on CloudHub?

> Yes. The following scenarios can result in the platform restarting your application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. The following scenarios can result in the platform restarting your application (all restarts are zero-downtime, unless the initial state of the app was down):
```

> Keep in mind that all restarts are zero-downtime (unless the initial state of the app was down):

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: The PM specifically asked for that to be included.

* *Underlying infrastructure issues*
+

> If the underlying infrastructure suffers a failure, the platform migrates your application to a new worker.

Reviewer: Insert linespace.

Author: ?

* *Infrastructure impairment*
+

> Any applications running on hardware marked as impaired or end-of-life are restarted to preemptively migrate the app to a new worker to prevent a possible outage.

Reviewer: linespace?

Author: ?

* *Security patching*
+

> If any security vulnerabilities are identified, the relevant applications are patched and restarted. See the https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#critical[Critical Security Vulnerabilities] policy.

Reviewer: ditto? Sorry if I am misreading this....

Author: I'm not sure - these are bullets with hanging paragraphs...

* *Application crash*
+
The platform recognizes an application crash (due to a problem with custom code or a bug in the underlying stack) and restarts the worker automatically if the automatic restart option is selected.

== Why can't I deploy more than one application?

> We're limiting the Free accounts to one worker, which allows you to deploy one application. You can upgrade to a http://www.mulesoft.com/cloudhub/cloudhub-pricing[paid subscription] to deploy more applications or scale your single application across more than one worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MuleSoft is limiting free accounts to one worker, which allows you to deploy one application. You can upgrade to a http://www.mulesoft.com/cloudhub/cloudhub-pricing[paid subscription] to deploy more applications, or you can scale your single application across more than one worker.
```

> == My application has deployed successfully, but when I go to mysubdomain.cloudhub.io, I see "you need to change the configuration of your docroot."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== My application has deployed successfully, so why do I see "you need to change the configuration of your docroot" when I go to mysubdomain.cloudhub.io?
```

> If you are seeing this message, that means that your application's endpoint could be configured to show up in a different path. If you would like to make it show up at mysubdomain.cloudhub.io, please reconfigure your endpoint to remove the path variable. If you are using generic endpoints, you should change the address (not the path).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are seeing this message, your application's endpoint might be configured to show up in a different path. If you would like to make it show up at mysubdomain.cloudhub.io, reconfigure your endpoint to remove the path variable. If you are using generic endpoints, you should change the address (not the path).
```

== How long is the HTTP read timeout?

> Our load balancers timeout after 300 seconds if no data is read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our load balancers time out after 300 seconds if no data is read.
```

== Can I get a static IP for my application?

> Yes! You can assign a static IP to your application in the *Static IPs* tab on the application settings. For details, see xref:deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc#static-ips-tab[Deploying to CloudHub]. By default, you are allocated a number of static IPs equal to 2x the number of Production vCores in your subscription. To raise this limit, please contact MuleSoft Support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes! You can assign a static IP to your application in the *Static IPs* tab on the application settings. For details, see xref:deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc#static-ips-tab[Deploying to CloudHub]. By default, you are allocated a number of static IPs equal to twice the number of production vCores in your subscription. To raise this limit, contact MuleSoft Support.
```

== How do I know what my static IP is?

> The static IP(s) assigned to your application are displayed in the *Static IPs* tab in the application settings page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The static IPs assigned to your application are displayed in the *Static IPs* tab in the application settings page.
```

== Can I modify my application after it has been assigned a static IP?

> Yes, you can stop and start the application, you may upload a new project zip file, you may change its settings and redeploy it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can stop and start the application, upload a new project ZIP file, change its settings, and redeploy it.
```

== In what situations could my static IP change?

> There are some specific scenarios where your static IP may be removed or reassigned. You should be aware of the following scenarios:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your static IP might be removed or reassigned in a couple of specific situations: 
```

> * If a xref:virtual-private-cloud.adoc[Anypoint Virtual Private Cloud (Anypoint VPC)] is built for your organization, any existing application that is not already in the Anypoint VPC receives a new IP address when it restarts inside the Anypoint VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If xref:virtual-private-cloud.adoc[Anypoint Virtual Private Cloud (Anypoint VPC)] is built for your organization, any existing application that is not already in Anypoint VPC receives a new IP address when it restarts inside  Anypoint VPC.
```

Reviewer: GLOBALLY do not precede proper nouns with "a" or "the" unless they are followed by lowercase common nouns.
I could not find this name in the official product naming spreadsheet, so I will ask about it.

> * An application is redeployed to a different geographic region. You can pre-allocate a static IP in the new region in the *Static IPs* tab in the application settings page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An application is redeployed to a different geographic region. 
You can preallocate a static IP in the new region in the *Static IPs* tab in the application settings page.
```

> == Can I request a specific Static IP?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Can I request a specific static IP address?
```

> No. Cloudhub utilizes a pool of Static IP’s, which are only assigned to a Cloudhub Application upon first deployment. If/when that application releases that static IP, that IP address returns to the pool, and is available to other applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. CloudHub uses a pool of static IP addresses that are assigned to a CloudHub application only upon first deployment. If that application releases that static IP address, then that IP address returns to the pool and is available to other applications.
```

> == I am running in a Cloudhub Virtual Private Network, how do I assign a Static IP to my internal private IP?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== If I am running a CloudHub virtual private network, how do I assign a static IP address to my internal private IP address?
```

> Cloudhub is able to set the worker's public IP address to Static. However, the internal private IP address always remains Dynamic. The private IP address is assigned from the range specified in the Cloudhub Worker's Address Space, which was determined at the creation of your xref:virtual-private-cloud.adoc[Anypoint VPC].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudHub can set the worker's public IP address to be static. However, the internal private IP address always remains dynamic. The private IP address is assigned from the range specified in the CloudHub worker's address space, which was determined when your xref:virtual-private-cloud.adoc[Anypoint VPC] was created.
```

> == What are the possible IP ranges that can be assigned to Static IPs?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== What are the possible IP address ranges that can be assigned to static IP addresses?
```

> As CloudHub deploys on Amazon EC2, IP addresses are chosen from the Amazon EC2 IP pool. For a list of these ranges, see  http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-instance-addressing.html[Amazon EC2 Public IP Ranges].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because CloudHub deploys on Amazon EC2, IP addresses are chosen from the Amazon EC2 IP pool. For a list of these ranges, see http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-instance-addressing.html[Amazon EC2 Public IP Ranges].
```

Reviewer: Hmm...not sure we want to link to an exact URL. Maybe "..., see the AWS website."?

== How can I change the timezone for my app?

> Customers with an Enterprise account are entitled to global deployment, which means they can choose a different region to deploy their app. The actual worker is always running in the UTC timezone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers with an Enterprise account can choose any global region in which to deploy their app. The actual worker is always running in the UTC timezone.
```

== How do I get support?

Browse and search our online http://forums.mulesoft.com[forum] archives to find answers. Or post a question and start a new thread.

> 

Reviewer: There is text in the hidden section here that could use some copyediting, but I can't work with it. Just FYI.

> . When finished, click *Submit*. The portal generates a unique case number and refer you to possibly relevant areas of the knowledge base that you can browse while you await a response to your case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. When finished, click *Submit*. 
The portal generates a unique case number and refers you to possibly relevant areas of the knowledge base that you can browse while you await a response to your case.
```

== Proactive Monitoring

> The CloudHub platform is monitored 24 hours a day, seven days a week by automated systems. In the event of any issue affecting the health and operation of the CloudHub infrastructure, our dedicated operations team is notified and will respond immediately to diagnose and correct it. This 24x7 monitoring covers the entire CloudHub platform, benefiting all CloudHub users, free and paying. The status of CloudHub services and upcoming maintenance can be found at http://status.mulesoft.com[`status.mulesoft.com`].

Reviewer: [Some texts won't show the correx when copied...I don't know why. So these are individual:

seven days a week by > 7 days a week, by
will respond immediately > responds immediately
